[Kaptain] Fixed links & fine-tuning (#4368)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.0.0/install/dkp/index.md

---

<p class="message--warning"><strong>WARNING: </strong>
You can deploy Kaptain to a cluster in a selected workspace. If you do not intend to deploy Kaptain to a certain cluster, you must switch the workspace you are deploying to or move that cluster to another workspace.

> </p>

Reviewer: This is one of those things we'll need to clean up eventually - we're capitalizing Workspace in some locations. We'll want the product team to weigh in on this, I suppose.

For on premise installations, horizontal scalability is limited by the overall size of the cluster and its quotas.
For cloud installations, scaling out can be limited by resource quotas.

## Prerequisites

- A DKP cluster with the following Platform applications enabled:

  - Istio
  - Knative (optional, if KServe is configured to work in `RawDeployment` mode)

- [`kubectl`][kubectl] on your installation machine

- For customers deploying in a multi-cluster environment (Enterprise): Ensure you have configured [Kaptain to authenticate with a Management Cluster][dex].

> - Ensure the following applications are enabled in Kommander:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you enable the following applications in Kommander:
```
